{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 AppleGaramond-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 AppleGaramond-Book;\f2\froman\fcharset77 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset77 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f4\froman\fcharset77 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13260\viewh13320\viewkind0
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\qc

\f0\b\fs72 \cf0 Sdef Editor\
v1.0\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li280\ri-2600

\f2\b\fs28 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Introduction:
\f3\b0 \ulnone \
	Sdef Editor is a simple utility that allow creation, edition and exportation of Scripting definition files (xml .sdef files).\
	Sdef Editor supports all elements and attributes proposed by the sdef format. You can export generated files in Cocoa .scriptSuite, .scriptTerminology files, or as 'aete' text or compiled resource.\
\
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2833\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\li280\ri-2600\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\f2\b Please
\f3\b0 , to know more about sdef format, and how Sdef Editor represents sdef files, read "
\f2\b Scripting File Reference"
\f3\b0  (include in Sdef Editor disk image).\
\cf2 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li280\ri-2600

\f2\b \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Tips:
\f3\b0 \ulnone  \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li460\fi-180\ri-2600
\cf2 \'a5 Some sdef elements support 
\f4\i documentation
\f3\i0  and 
\f4\i synonyms
\f3\i0 . You can edit those fields thanks to the 
\f2\b Element Inspector. 
\f3\b0 Element Inspector can be found in the Window menu. You can also double clic on any element in a document to open it.\
\'a5 With the 
\f2\b Comments
\f3\b0  Tab in the 
\f2\b Element Inspector
\f3\b0 , you can add comments to any elements. Comments will be render as XML comments in the output files.\
\'a5 Sdef Editor include some Standards Suite (
\f2\b \cf0 NSCoreSuite
\f3\b0  & 
\f2\b NSTextSuite
\f3\b0 )\cf2 . To open a standard Suite, use the "Open Standard Suite" command in File menu.\
\'a5 The 
\f2\b Export
\f3\b0  command in the File menu allow you to convert a sdef file as Cocoa Scripting Definition and/or as 'aete' resources. If you want to know more about exportation, please read 
\f2\b "sdp manual" 
\f3\b0 (include in Sdef Editor \cf0 disk image\cf2 ).\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li280\ri-2600
\cf2 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2833\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\li280\ri-2600\ql\qnatural

\f2\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Limitations:
\f3\b0 \ulnone  Sdef Editor currently support all elements and attributes editions, but it doesn't check if values you type are valid. it doesn't guaranty that a file you produce will be valid. If you want to check a file validity, you can try to export it in any format.\
\
If you have a question or encounter some bugs or problems, please send me a mail. My address is jddupas@yahoo.fr\
\

\f4\i\fs24 Copyright \'a9 Shadow Lab. 2005.\
http://shadowlab.free.fr/}